clarify wording around testability of rails views (#1486)
github/view_component: docs/index.md

### Testing

> ViewComponents are meant to be unit tested. In the GitHub codebase, ViewComponent unit tests are over 100x faster than similar controller tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ViewComponent was designed with the intention that all components should be unit tested. In the GitHub codebase, ViewComponent unit tests are over 100x faster than similar controller tests.
```

I think something like this could make a stronger argument of "if you aren't testing your components, you're doing something wrong", but the existing wording is great too. 👍

> Unlike Rails templates, ViewComponents are meant to be unit tested. In the GitHub codebase, ViewComponent unit tests are over 100x faster than similar controller tests.

Author: ```suggestion
ViewComponents are meant to be unit tested. In the GitHub codebase, ViewComponent unit tests are over 100x faster than similar controller tests.
```
